added clarifications for single host (#7405)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/utilities/download-and-copy-artifacts-using-the-command-step.md

You can also use the Command step on deployment template deployments. Since a deployment template can be used on any host type, the Command step can only be run on the delegate.

> The command step mandates the use of a [repeat looping strategy](/docs/platform/pipelines/looping-strategies/looping-strategies-matrix-repeat-and-parallelism/#repeat-strategies) even if the user wants to deploy to a single server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Command step mandates the use of a [repeat looping strategy](/docs/platform/pipelines/looping-strategies/looping-strategies-matrix-repeat-and-parallelism/#repeat-strategies) even if you want to deploy to a single server. 
```

:::info Note

> The Command step only supports the **Repeat** looping strategy. This includes scenarios where users only want to deploy to a single server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Command step only supports the **Repeat** looping strategy. This includes scenarios where you only want to deploy to a single server. 
```
